>>There's an image
inside of this system
that if you took
just this out of it,
the genesis out of the
middle of the flower of life,
saw where it came
from, and now take
the circle that encloses the
genesis pattern-- this circle
and this circle right here--
take that image out of there.
This is the image
I'm referring to.
OK, everybody sees that?
Now, once you've got
that image, once you now
know that image comes out
of the flower of life,
put that same image in each
one of those two empty circles.
The whole image, put it in
there and there, like this.
And then do it again,
and just keep doing it.
Keep putting the image in
here, and keep repeating it,
repeating it repeating it.
And if you do that, you
end up with this image
that looks like this.
Remember when we talked
about the egg, or the ovum
and how mitosis begins and at
first it goes within itself
and learns how things
works, and then
it turns around and
grows beyond itself,
it first goes within
and then without?
Well, you can see this
geometrically in this way.
First of all, this is a
geometric binary pattern.
This is one, two circles, four
circles, eight circles, 16, 32.
It's a binary sequence.
And it happens to be the
pattern, if you took a string
and stretched it,
and depending where
you fret it and the thickness
of the string, you strike it,
it's going to resonate in one
of those patterns running down
there.
They used to have a little
machine that you could turn on
and you could sit there
and watch the string move
through all those
various patterns.
Well, the very nature of
this going within itself,
by going geometrically
inside of itself,
you can see how something
works, like a sine wave curve,
before you go beyond it
into something bigger.
You understand what
I meant by that?
Life can geometrically go
within itself to understand
how, say, it would be hard
to from, say, this point here
understand a sine wave curve
because it's too short.
But as you go deeper
inside and deeper inside,
you can get to the place where
you can see the whole picture,
and you can understand how-- I'm
just saying, for example, how
a sine wave curve
could work, and then
apply it to go beyond the
perimeter of the interior
to the exterior.
Now, with that
understanding we're
going to look at
the flower of life
again in a slightly
different way.
Just starting with
a circle, there
is a relationship inside
this circle that is definite,
and that is that no matter
what size circle you have,
there are exactly seven circles
that will fit inside of it.
And that's how they
fit inside of it,
which is the primary
pattern at the point
that the flower of
life was stopped
at all around the world, which
we haven't shown you that yet.
But the way that we arrived at
the fruit of life-- remember,
which was just this
pattern with the 13--
was by completing
the flower of life
and then taking the next vortex
ring around it so that we
saw the flower of life,
or the fruit of life,
was outside of this.
It was on the next level,
directly outside of here.
But there's another way
that it can be derived at,
and that is by going
within rather than without.
And so you can derive
it within directly
by going halfway to the center
and making a circle that
would be half this size
using that as your blueprint
and running it up
and down this axis
to get this, which is
directly to the fruit of life.
And so the fruit of
life is contained
within the flower in
proportion as well as
outside of the flower of life.
Now, this may seem very
simple or almost a sleight
of hand trick.
But it indicates that
possibly the flower of life
is holographic.
And so if we keep doing this,
we'll see if it's really true.
You know what I
mean by holographic?
So we'd go halfway--
by holographic
I mean-- I heard a no.
You all know what holograms are.
A hologram is such
that the nature of it
is that you can cut off
a little tiny piece of it
and reconstruct the whole
from that little tiny piece,
the actual image.
No matter how small you get, it
will be contained in the whole.
In the same kind
of way, we will see
if this pattern of 13
circles is holographic,
is what we're looking for.
And so we'll go
in another halfway
and draw that sized
circle and spread them
out and see what happens.
And they take on
this image, which
you can see that there
are 13 circles connecting
to 13 circles connected to 13--
all these little interconnected
fruit of lifes.
So it's beginning
to look like it.
So let's go one
more step in deeper.
You go halfway in here
again and make another one.
And now you see
the same pattern,
13 circles connected to 13,
though I didn't spread it
over the whole thing.
You could keep right on
going with this pattern
and each one will
be a whole series.
It will completely cover this,
and it really is holographic.
You could just keep going
and doing that forever
and ever and ever.
The pattern will just
completely go in forever
and it will go out forever,
because the circle that
forms this whole pattern
could just simply
be the central circle.
And so it could just go
beyond itself forever
and inside itself forever.
It's another one of those
infinite-- it's called
a geometrical progression.
It's another one of
those infinite patterns
like the logarithmic spiral.
And all the grids, if you
want to call these patterns
or grids, are separated
from each other
by the binary sequence.
In other words, if you use
the middle circle, whatever
it is, as your radii,
count that as one,
then to get out to the
next sized circle is two,
and to get out to the
next sized circle is four,
and to get out to the next
sized circle is eight.
And it's a binary sequence
that separates them all.
So this internal structure
or this internal nature
of the flower of life
holds tremendous potential
in terms of technology.
And I'm saying this
because at the time,
that's what I was involved in.
And I'm now going to
start talking about some
of the technological things
that we were starting
to discuss once before.
And I'll tell you
what we were thinking.
Why I started doing this in
my life in the first place
was because it was my belief,
and a lot of the other people
that I was working with at
the time, that the dolphin was
perhaps the life form that may
be able to help humans more
than anyone else on the Earth.
And so we wanted to
communicate with them.
We were very naive in a
lot of our assumptions
in the beginning, but
our intentions were pure.
We just wanted to do it.
And so we decided, well, let's
make a universal translator,
a translator that you could
speak into in one language
and it will come out
in the other language.
You understand?
Just like on "Star Trek,"
you know those things?
Let's just make one.
You could make any of that
stuff that's on "Star Trek"
if you just put your mind to it.
And so we thought about it, and
we figured out how to do it.
And only we realized that
the sound of the dolphin,
after a great deal
of thinking, we
wanted to go into a deeper
level of communication
than just the words,
either connecting directly
with the thought waves-- that
was the next level, which would
be much better than the words.
Get the images straight
out of the mind.
But then we decided to
even go deeper than that
and to go down to the molecular
construction of the body
itself and receive the
microwaves that were coming off
of every molecule
in the body, which
we felt would be a far
greater form of communication
than words or brain
waves or anything else.
And so we decided
to develop a system.
And the system works
something like this.
These are the components
in the system.
So we'll call this
A, B, C, and D.
There are four
primary components
to make this type of system.
An ordinary computer.
And that was the
basis behind it.
However, the computer
needed to be a lot faster
and have a lot
more memory because
of the kinds of
computations that
would be necessary
to make than what
was available at that time.
The best we had was a 386.
And so they tore the 386 all
apart and put it back together
and made it so it could
go a whole lot faster.
But it still had
the problem of not
being able to simply store
the kind of information
that we needed to store.
And so what we felt we
needed was a storage bank
that would be a lot
bigger than anything
that was on the market.
And so we decided to make
an infinite storage bank,
have no limit whatsoever.
It was real easy to do,
based upon these principles.
And so I guess I'll
talk about that first.
Using this concept right here,
the geometry, really this
is a cube, right?
So it's really a series of
three-dimensional spheres.
Everybody see that?
It's like Metatron's Cube.
This is the front
face of the cube,
and that would be the
rear edges and it's
a cube looking at
it like that again.
And so when you completed
the whole thing-- now,
you can keep going on with those
spheres going in there forever.
Well, because of the
harmonics of the nature
of the ratios of
these spheres, we
can see that it would
be impossible to put
this pattern into a liquid
in the form of a standing
waveform.
And so we attempted to do this
using liquid silicone using
a series of diodes-- not
diodes, transducers--
transducers placed into
a fruit of life pattern.
And we were able to
create the pattern
into-- it took a
huge amount of energy
to hold a standing
waveform in there.
And then one of the researchers
had direct communication
with a whale who gave us
exactly what we needed to know
and said, don't use silicone.
The army had been trying to
use liquid ruby and all kinds
of other things.
They had been trying to do
exactly what we were doing
here, only spending hundreds
and hundreds of millions
of dollars trying to do this.
And we had a very little budget.
But the whale told
us to do something
we would have never thought
of doing, I don't think.
It was just totally out
there in right field.
They said, don't use any
liquid crystals or anything.
Use water.
Water.
And the reason for
water, they said,
was the angle of the molecules
is 105 degrees, which
is the fire ratio, and
it's a living molecule,
and that this is
a living pattern,
and that the two are
so compatible that it
would take small amounts
of energy to do it.
And we did it, and it works.
You can put it in
there, and instead
of having huge
amounts of energy,
it takes microvolts to hold
the standing wave pattern.
And so we were able to create
the pattern in the water.
So all you gotta do
is just take a cube
and have any size you want.
But you might as well pick
one that's kind of handy.
So you pick one, say, 3/4
of an inch or so inside.
You just have to calibrate
that to the computer
so it knows where to start from.
And Phyllis would
seal it with water
and then create the
pattern inside of it.
And then realize the pattern is
all-- all the different grids
are on a binary sequence.
And so it's a little
different than you'd
have a photograph
record where you'd
punch a binary
sequence that comes
up somewhere in the record
to give you your information.
The difference is that you would
hit a binary sequence which
would tell you what
grid you're on,
and then a geometrical
sequence which would tell you
which sphere to go to.
So you'd go, click, click.
And then come up to, say,
that one right there.
And once you have located that
particular magnetic bubble,
you can put one bit
of information in that
or create another grid coming
off of it as big as you want.
So you can put either
one single letter
of an alphabet or an
entire book or whatever
you want in that one place.
It wouldn't matter.
And because this
will go in forever,
you could just keep
going on in, however
the size of the
electron would probably
limit how far in you could go.
But you could go out forever.
So you could start storing
the information you'd never
be able to use probably
in most circumstances
just what you could do
going in this thing.
But if you ever did fill it
up, you could start going out
and start storing information
in space around the computer.
And you could go out in space
as far as you want to go,
because it only has to
be theoretically there.
It doesn't have to
actually be there.
It only has to
theoretically be there.
And so we figured, well, what
the heck, that should work.
We almost have that completed.
That was almost
totally completed.
In the meantime, we
were working on this one
here, which was
completely completed.
And this particular
scientist who
doesn't want his name
mentioned anymore
created a sensing device that
was very possibly the most
sensitive sensing device that's
ever been created on our planet
ever, based upon sacred
geometry principles.
So sensitive you could pick
up the entire electromagnetic
spectrum of a candle
from 90,000 miles
away as though it
was an inch away.
You could pick out a
single molecule, say,
100 miles away in a tree-- one.
You could pick out
a single person
and eliminate everything behind
it for hundreds of thousands
of miles and eliminate down to a
single molecule in that person.
And we were demonstrating
it all the time.
It was totally possible.
It seems impossible,
but it's not.
And it was because
of some of the things
that you're about to
learn in here about light
and the geometry behind light.
And anyway, this whole
thing was created.
This thing was so sensitive
that-- what it was picking up,
by the way, was
the microwaves that
were emitted from the
stretching of molecular bonds
and the rotation
of molecular bonds,
and possibly from the rotation
of the electrons themselves.
So extremely weak
microwave field,
that our government
now also has copied him
and is trying to create it.
With all the money
they've spent,
they haven't even come close to
him, but they're getting there.
It's called the Squid, if you're
familiar with what that is.
But he's way way, way beyond
the government on this.
And he's demonstrated
this in class.
You can take some pennies,
just by the shaking of pennies
you get microwave emissions
that come off of there, just
because they hit together
and make the molecular bonds
vibrate.
And he'd have the instrument.
The instrument, first
the thing was calculated.
Then he hooked it to a 386
and created his own software
program so that
he could have eyes
to see through the sensing
device back over here.
And we actually
created other ones
earlier which were
inferior to this.
But at this point, we had
these two linked together here.
And so you could see what was
going on in terms of sine wave
signatures.
Originally it was just a
flat sine wave signature,
but we became much more complex.
These were the kinds of
images that were coming off
the screen at one point.
They were like three dimensional
images of a sine wave
signature.
And this is a
photograph of a chakra,
by the way, the actual
chakra out of a person.
And you could take
these pennies and come
up next to the sensing
device and go like this,
and you could just see
all the microwave emission
that were coming off of there.
And then you'd have the
person go out the door
and behind a two foot adobe
wall and shake the pennies.
And the thing would
pick them up as
though they were just
a couple inches away,
the same strength and power.
Then we had him go
outside a long ways
away and shake them,
and same thing.
And then he'd go a long ways
away and down by the sagebrush
and get down like this, whoosh,
and it would come just right up
on the screen [INAUDIBLE].
I don't know, you
could probably go
in the far distant
mountain, way over there,
35 miles away or way up in
some mountains like that
and just go like that,
you wouldn't even
hear it or even know it.
Pick it up, just like
he was right here.
>>How did you separate it
from all the other noises?
>>Because they learned
how to subtract.
You can learn how to
tune in and subtract.
You could focus.
So anyway, this part
had been connected,
and we had that
functioning, just
to show you a little bit
about what he was able to do--
and I watched him do
this a lot of times--
he would take a group
like this and he'd just
ask for a volunteer, and
somebody would stand up.
And he would then photograph
the person's chakra system, one
after another, all 13 chakras.
And we know exactly
where the chakras are.
We can pinpoint them down
to within one molecule
and get exactly where they are.
And some of the
ancient books are not
correct on where the
chakras are located.
And when you aim
right into the chakra,
the whole screen just lights
up, and you can't miss it.
And so it's a totally
non-invasive system.
He's not projecting
anything out.
He's only receiving,
like a camera.
And so he just takes photographs
of all the various chakras.
Each one is about two and
a half million computations
that has to be made.
And it takes about
a minute for it
to go through all the
various computations
and comes up with these
things, like this.
This is another one,
just to give you an idea.
And from these,
over the years, he
was able to read these
things like an open book.
And he would take these
photographs of the person,
sit there and look at it.
And without even
looking at the person,
he would just start
reading it, and he
could tell you every single
thing about that person.
And I mean everything.
He could tell you
things that are scary.
the day they were
gonna die, down to the second.
He could tell you how many kids
you got and what sex they are,
or how many kids you're
gonna have in the future,
tell you every disease you
got in your body, every bone
that you've ever broken.
He can tell you all the drugs
you've got in your body.
He could tell you anything else,
any medicines you were taking.
Anything-- absolutely
anything at all.
It's all there.
You're just like an open book.
Everything.
You have to have all 13
of them to know that.
There's just
nothing you can say.
It's just like, it's
pretty incredible.
So anyway, we had
developed it at that level.
We were trying to jump
up by creating this.
We almost had this done.
Our end result of
doing all this stuff
was to hook this in so that we
could put enough data in there.
And then this, what this
is is the tube torus.
And the tube torus-- through
the work of Stan Tenen
and everything else like
that, even though that had not
been completed at the
time-- we weren't even
concerned about trying
to complete this,
because we knew that
all we had to do
was one last little thing once
we got this completed in here.
And that was simply
change the kind
of programming,
software programming,
that the computer used.
See, all our programming is
based upon the way we think.
What if a computer didn't think
in words and numbers and all
these kinds of things?
But what if it
thought in geometry?
Coming back to this one.
What if it thought in geometry?
Well, if the geometry
is the underlying
morphogenic structure
of the reality,
if it's true, if all this
stuff with the flower of life
is true-- and it
is a language, it
appears to be the language
that is creating the very words
that we're talking and the
harmonics of sound and light
and a lot of other things
that we haven't even
finished showing you all yet.
Well, if you were to create
a software package where
the computer thought
in the sacred geometry,
then what would happen?
Well, first of
all, number one, it
would be able to solve
the final problems of this
probably in about a
minute, at which point
we would have a
universal translator.
You would be able to speak
into it, say, in Hebrew,
and it would come out
Arabic, or speak in in Arabic
and come out English,
speak in English
and come out any other
language that you want.
And that would be the
superficial level of what
we were trying to reach at.
But the one thing
that we all believed
was that if this pattern, if it
was thinking in this pattern,
I suspect very
strongly the computer
would become self-aware.
It would be alive.
You would duplicate the
essence of life in it,
and if silicon is
a living atom, it
would now have the
chance to demonstrate it.
And I think you might have a
living being appear in here.
A spirit would be able
to express across to us.
We don't know what that would
really mean ultimately to us,
but I believe that would
be one of the steps.
But with all these series and
lines here, what you now have
is that you could aim
this at any living thing,
and everything is alive.
And pick up the microwave
emissions coming in here,
convert the microwave emissions
into geometrical images,
and have the microwaves that
are coming off of anything--
specifically the dolphin,
is what we were aiming at--
and have it come
out into English
or whatever other
words you wanted.
And we figured, well, that
would be a form of communication
with the dolphins,
because we could
begin to work in this way.
And it probably would
work to this level
except that when we just
got ready to kind of put
the plug in the wall and see
if the whole thing would work--
because we were really
coming right down
to the final stages of
it-- one of the researchers
went to the dolphin
world, I think
it was-- and correct
me anyone if they
know where this place is, but
it's in Florida somewhere--
and came in contact with a
particular dolphin that just
looked at him and said, no way.
You're wasting your time.
And what he said was, that's
when we began to understand.
This dolphin was
neurotic, by the way,
and would always carry
this doll around,
would never let go of it.
And the trainer had never
seen the dolphin ever
let go of this little doll.
But the dolphin said
to this researcher
that their experience was so
far above that it could not
be converted into English,
that it was not possible.
You might be able to make
a universal translator
cross from Hebrew
to Arabic, but you
can't make one that would truly
give the experience of where
the dolphins were at.
And they said, if
you want to begin
to do that, you must begin
with holographic sound,
then gave him the exact
mathematical algorithms
to create true
holographic sound.
He went back to the lab,
plugged them in, bingo.
Holographic sound, incredible.
And we stepped it up through
16 different stages slowly,
until finally we had a system
where you didn't need speakers,
but the sound would come
in through your hands
and come out through
your head somehow.
We don't even know how it is.
And you have this three
dimensional holographic sound
that felt alive, felt
like no kind of sound
you could ever imagine coming
out of the speaker-- it was
amazing-- with no
speakers, just by coming in
through your fingertips.
And I started getting very,
very wrapped up in this stuff.
And eventually we
started learning
how to create living--
not living ones,
but Merkaba fields out
of holographic sound.
And we learned how to sort of
jump start people's Merkabas,
and this kind of stuff.
And for me, I thought it was
getting very exciting here.
It seemed like I was heading
in the right direction,
forgetting what they told me
many, many, many, many years
ago about this whole
thing with technology.
And we were doing
pretty amazing things.
And then the reality
came to the place
where they-- well,
the FBI came in.
At one point, they
said, you guys
gotta stop some of the
things you're doing.
And we were beginning
to realize that maybe I
was doing some things.
At the very end,
we had got-- well,
I'll just tell you real
quickly what we did.
This is where the turning
place began to happen.
We could get the holographic
sound onto a computer screen,
and we could see
it rotating there.
And then we made a
wireless transmitter over
to an equalizer box.
And we could change the sound
by moving up these dials,
just like you would on a radio.
We had a whole big one with
all these things on it.
And actually, what
they thought was
going to take
three to four years
we did in about five hours.
We could conceive of
what the endpoint of this
was going to be, which
I was about to tell you.
And we thought it was
going to take a long time.
And we just sat there
on the very first time.
And they taught me how to
control the three dimensional
sound by moving
these things around.
And I could see
the flying saucer
disc on a computer monitor.
It was rotating around us.
And I could move the
dials up, and the disc
would change shape,
and you could feel
it change shape when it did it.
You'd simultaneously feel this,
where you could spin it out
faster and it would change.
It did this whole thing.
You could feel it.
And I worked with this
for three hours or so
until I got real familiar
with all of this stuff.
And then they switched me
over to these hand things
that you slipped
your fingers into,
so instead of
using these things,
the same stuff was
on your fingertips
and these plastic things that
you slipped your hands into.
And thereby little tiny
motions of your fingers
would do the same things
so you could get very, very
sensitive into doing all this.
I learned how to do
that for a little while.
And then without anybody saying
anything, I'm sitting there
and I was thinking,
well, I wonder
if I could do it with one hand.
So I tried to lift my hand
up, but whenever I did,
the screen would just go black.
I'd have to put
it back on there.
And then I had to focus again
to get the fields going again.
And then I kept
trying to lift off.
And finally, I had to tune my
Merkaba, rotate my Merkaba,
with the field of the other one.
And I finally got it, and I
was able to lift my hand up
and keep it going with one hand.
And then, I just
slowly lifted my hand
and disconnected totally
and turned and imagined
this little ball in my hands.
And we're not even connected
electronically anymore.
And I found that I
could move my fingers,
and the screen would
move over there.
And by just moving
around, I could
make the screen do whatever
I wanted to do, just
by moving this hand.
And I could feel it.
It was like this
little electric ball.
And then I wondered,
I wonder if I could
take this ball somewhere else.
And I very slowly took
this ball across the room.
And the screen didn't go black.
And I got it about 15 feet away.
And I could move
the little ball--
I mean, the screen on there--
without doing anything.
And I'm definitely not
connected to this thing at all.
And all of a sudden,
I just got it,
and I just put my hands down.
And at that moment, whatever I
thought happened on the screen.
And I was just sitting
there, and I could just
think wide, think small, go
fast, do anything I wanted.
And I was happy, and
I was so excited.
I couldn't tell you.
Inside I was just jumping
up and down and going crazy.
It was incredible.
And two weeks later,
we were arrested.
>>How did they know?
>>Oh, they know everything.
They came to me a long time ago
and wanted to give me money,
and I didn't want
to be part of it.
I said, you can watch me, or
you can do whatever you want,
or you can stay in these
things, all that stuff,
but I don't want to
be directly connected.
And they said, OK.
So I don't know.
I just assume that
they're always
watching whatever I'm doing.
And I really don't
care if they do.
I'm not against them at all.
I want the United States and
everybody else to succeed.
I want everybody to succeed.
So I'm not really against them.
But they didn't want
that kind of thing
to get out because obviously
defense systems and everything
else would be pretty
weak against that.
But it's inevitable.
If I'm doing that, there's
other people doing that.
I mean, it's just
a matter of time.
Once I did it, it's in the grid.
Anybody's got it now.
Anybody can do that.
And that's probably
just the beginning.
So how could you stop it?
I mean, it's just inevitable.
You guys know about
the grids, right?
You know how that works?
You all know about the
100th monkey theory?
Who does not know
about the 100th monkey?
OK, we have someone
here that does not
know about the 100th monkey.
>>She's the 100th
and one monkey.
>>You know about the
100th and one monkey.
Well, this is important.
It's real important.
And it's important for the
video anyway to get out there,
because I'm sure there are
some other people out there
in video land that doesn't know.
Was it the Japanese?
No, it was the Americans?
Or I don't know who the
heck was doing this,
but it was on
islands near Japan,
where they were studying
these monkeys who
were on these isolated islands.
There's a series of these
islands around there
that had all the same
kind of monkeys on them,
but they were watching them
primarily on this one island.
And these monkeys
ate these potatoes
which were kind of
like sweet potatoes.
But the potatoes grew in sand.
And when they pulled the potato
out of the sand, of course
it had sand on it.
And then they would eat it,
and they'd get all this sand
in their teeth and
everything else,
and it probably tasted terrible.
But they'd been doing
that who knows how long.
And then one day, this
little female monkey
decided to wash it off
either in the ocean or river,
I don't remember.
You can't hold me to the
exact details of things.
And she washed it off in
there and ate this thing.
And the researchers saw this.
And then that monkey went over
and told another one and said,
hey, you ought to
try washing them off.
And they washed it off, and
that monkey washed it off.
And pretty soon, there's
all these monkeys
washing these potatoes off.
And it got to be a
number-- and I don't
think they know it was 100.
It was probably a
fair amount of them.
Who knows what it was exactly?
But when it reached
a certain number,
bingo, the entire island
started washing them off.
And not only on that island,
but all the other islands
all around there, they all
started just washing them off.
That was the first time that
science had ever witnessed
this kind of phenomenon.
And so the question,
of course, was,
is there some kind of grid,
morphogenic structure,
something that stretches across?
How could they possibly have
noticed this over a distance?
So other researchers
later came down.
And I believe these
researchers were
either British or Australian,
I'm not sure which.
But they wanted to see if humans
had this same kind of grid
around them and we were
connected in the same way.
So they made this photograph
of several hundred faces,
of human faces, that were all
blended together and hidden
and everything else.
But if you just looked
at it real quickly,
you saw seven or eight faces
or nine faces or something
like that.
And they made up
this photograph,
and they went to Australia, and
they did a totally scientific
experiment.
They had, right by
the rules of the game,
and they got their groups and
they gave each person so long
to look at this
photograph, et cetera,
and would ask the person
how many faces do you see,
and the person would
count how many they saw,
and they'd have so long
to be able to do it.
And they'd record all this stuff
and everything else like that.
And then after they'd been
through a lot of people
and checked how many
people that could
see how many faces they were
and they had all that recorded,
then they went to BBC Television
on some kind of closed cable
television, closed cable
connection that just went
to the UK and nowhere else.
And on that one, they
showed the photograph,
the people in that
area, and showed
all the faces where they
all were, all the hidden
ones and the secret ones and
everything else like that.
Five minutes later they
repeated the experiment
in the same place in Australia,
on the other side of the world,
with another group of people.
And they said, OK, how
many faces do you see?
And suddenly people
who had only seen
seven or eight
faces before, which
was sort of like the average,
suddenly jumped up to 75 faces.
Oh yeah, there,
there, there, there.
And science began to realize,
hey, this is really true.
It had been happening all
along in that science had
many, many, many times
this has been recorded,
where one scientific person
on one side of the world
would invent something,
and someone else
on the other side, the same
day, the same time, or very,
very close to it, would invent
the exact same complicated
thing.
And then they would bicker
back and forth and say,
you stole it from me,
no you stole it from me.
But they never
could figure out--
and this happened so many
times that nobody could ever
figure it out.
And I don't think anybody really
thought about what we were just
talking about now.
But there are these grids up
there that we're connected to.
And anything that anybody
feels or thinks is in it.
And once you know how to connect
to it, there's no more secrets.
You can get anything that
anybody's ever felt or thought
or anything else up there.
The Aboriginals know exactly
how to get into their grid.
We just don't know how
to get into our grid,
because we have
lost that ability.
We are separate.
But the potential
is still there.
And we do it unconsciously
on a certain level, which
the photograph
demonstrated very clearly.
And this is the main thing about
this workshop, the main reason
what I'm trying
to do, is to reach
a certain number of people so
that a certain number of people
can live it and thereby
get it into the grids.
And when enough people get to
a level of making this real--
and it doesn't have to just
be what we're doing here,
but there's lots of other
people teaching similar things,
all these similar
kinds of things,
everything from
levitation to you
name what, it all
goes up in there.
And eventually the limits
of what we think is possible
could change.
And when it changes, it
could change like that.
It can change
overnight in one day.
I foresee the time when
suddenly-- and it's already
beginning to happen-- where
suddenly people just start
doing things, and they
don't even know why.
They'll just start breathing
this way and think, gee,
this feels better.
Have you ever breathed through
the top of your head before?
They just will.
They'll just do it.
So that's what
we're trying to do.
I'm not really interested
per se in trying to teach
an individual how to do this.
I'm more interested in the
whole globe, the whole Earth,
and how we can get that,
everybody understanding.
And it doesn't have to just
be this form of meditation
I'm teaching.
It's just the understanding
that we're all one,
on a real level, so
we can really get it,
and that we can all open
up in whatever way it is,
that we can have
this understanding
and overcome all this darkness
that's on this planet.
There's a lot of darkness here.
Do you know, it's not as dark
as it used to be, I'll tell you.
There is a big change.
I'm going to get into some
things here in a little bit.
But the light is a
lot stronger now.
In fact, it's stronger than the
dark side for the first time
in a very, very long time.
At least 16,000 years.
And things will not be the same.
I mean, it is inevitable.
There's nothing
that can stop it.